Rework bootstrapping docs (#2129)
chef/chef-web-docs: chef_master/source/install_bootstrap.rst

.. tag chef_client_bootstrap_node

> A node is any physical, virtual, or cloud system that is configured to be maintained by a Chef Infra Client. Bootstrapping installs Chef Infra Client on a target system so that it can run as a client and sets the node up to communicate with a Chef Infra Server. There are two ways to do this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A node is any physical, virtual, or cloud device that is configured and maintained by an instance of Chef Infra Client. Bootstrapping installs Chef Infra Client on a target system so that it can run as a client and sets the node up to communicate with a Chef Infra Server. There are two ways to do this:
```

* Run the ``knife bootstrap`` command from a workstation.

> * Perform an unattended install to bootstrap from the node itself, without requiring SSH  or WinRM connectivity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Perform an unattended install to bootstrap from the node itself, without requiring SSH or WinRM connectivity.
```

   * - Stages
     - Description
   * - **$ knife bootstrap**

>      - Enter the ``knife bootstrap`` subcommand from a workstation. Include the hostname, IP address, or FQDN of the target node as part of this command. Knife will establish an SSH connection with the target node using port 22 and assemble a shell script using the chef-full.erb file, which is the default bootstrap template.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - Enter the ``knife bootstrap`` subcommand from a workstation. Include the hostname, IP address, or FQDN of the target node as part of this command. Knife will establish an SSH or WinRM connection with the target node using port 22 and assemble a shell script using the chef-full.erb file, which is the default bootstrap template.
```

   * - Stages
     - Description
   * - **$ knife bootstrap**

>      - Enter the ``knife bootstrap`` subcommand from a workstation. Include the hostname, IP address, or FQDN of the target node as part of this command. Knife will establish an SSH connection with the target node using port 22 and assemble a shell script using the chef-full.erb file, which is the default bootstrap template.

Author: ssh or winrm now

   * - Stages
     - Description
   * - **$ knife bootstrap**

>      - The ``knife bootstrap`` subcommand is issued from a workstation. The hostname, IP address, or FQDN of the target node is issued as part of this command. An SSH connection is established with the target node using port 22. A shell script is assembled using the chef-full.erb (the default bootstrap template), and is then executed on the target node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Enter the ``knife bootstrap`` subcommand from a workstation. Include the hostname, IP address, or FQDN of the target node as part of this command. Knife will establish an SSH connection with the target node using port 22 and assemble a shell script using the chef-full.erb file, which is the default bootstrap template.
```

   * - **Get the install script from Chef**

>      - On UNIX- and Linux-based machines: The shell script that is derived from the chef-full.erb bootstrap template will make a request to the Chef website to get the most recent version of a second shell script (``install.sh``).

Reviewer: Should "On UNIX- and Linux-based machines: " be cut out as well?
```suggestion
     - The shell script that is derived from the chef-full.erb bootstrap template will make a request to the Chef website to get the most recent version of a second shell script (``install.sh``).
```

=====================================================
.. tag knife_bootstrap_no_validator

> The ORGANIZATION-validator.pem is typically added to the .chef directory on the workstation. When a node is bootstrapped from that workstation, the ORGANIZATION-validator.pem is used to authenticate the newly-created node to the Chef Infra Server during the initial Chef Infra Client run. It possible to bootstrap a node using the USER.pem file instead of the ORGANIZATION-validator.pem file. This is known as a "validatorless bootstrap".

Reviewer 3: It **is** possible rather than It possible.

Using **a** USER.pem rather than **the.**

People always ask me about the requirements for the user to be able to validate a node.

Author: Fixed. Thanks

Unattended Installs
=====================================================

> Chef Infra Client can be installed using an unattended bootstrap. This allows Chef Infra Client to be installed from itself, without requiring SSH . For example, machines are often created using environments like AWS Auto Scaling, AWS CloudFormation, Rackspace Auto Scale, and PXE. In this scenario, using tooling for attended, single-machine installs like ``knife bootstrap`` or ``knife CLOUD_PLUGIN create`` is not practical because the machines are created automatically and someone cannot always be on-hand to initiate the bootstrap process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chef Infra Client can be installed using an unattended bootstrap. This allows Chef Infra Client to be installed from itself, without requiring SSH. For example, machines are often created using environments like AWS Auto Scaling, AWS CloudFormation, Rackspace Auto Scale, and PXE. In this scenario, using tooling for attended, single-machine installs like ``knife bootstrap`` or ``knife CLOUD_PLUGIN create`` is not practical because the machines are created automatically and someone cannot always be on-hand to initiate the bootstrap process.
```
